# iranCOVID-19
This repository includes daily data and model predictions for the spread of COVID-19 in Iran. We push daily updates here consisting of daily reports sourced from the IR Ministry of Health and Medical Education along with our model outcomes for the last 7 days and predictions for the next 500 days. The modelling outcomes reported here assumes 80 million susceptible population. More information on who we are and how our mathematical model works can be found on www.irancovid-19.com. 

The updates are uploaded daily as a new csv file with consistent filename dd/mm/yyyy. Each csv file includes 10 columns with self-descriptive column names: date, infected, daily_infected, recovered, death, active_infected, predicted_active_infected, predicted_total_recovered, predicted_total_death, predicted_total_infected

CONDITION OF USE: We ask the users to please explicitly mention the use of this repository and www.iranCOVID-19.com when developing new products or publishing results. The data shared in this repository or any component or variation of it is not for any commercial use. Moreover it is covered under the CreativeCommons (CC) Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International license.

DISCLAIMER: We are not connected or supported by any government organizations in Iran or abroad. Results reported here are not peer-reviewed by other scientists yet. COVID-19 data from Iran may be significantly under-reported and thus, the actual number of infected cases and deaths may be different. Predictions are simply based on a classical and widely used mathematical model and may carry high level of uncertainty. Therefore, the predictions should be carefully used as means to inform policy making and planning.

In no event, shall we or our employers be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages however caused and on any theory of liability arising in any way out of the use of the predictions reported here, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
